This learning is sponsored by the National Bike Courier association.

The NBCA's mission statement is to promote unity and solidarity within
the messenger community and to raise the status of our profession.

This lesson plan describes the learning needs and instructional
strategies for teaching the parts of a bike and bike maintenance.

N00174-05-D-0003

N/A

20091228

Bike description and general maintenance

A study was conducted at Speedy Couriers using a proformance analysis
model for goals driven measurements.

The following information describes the organizational elements of the
performance analysis

We help the businesses of the city be more productive and successful by
providing the fastest, most convenient courier services: From your door
to theirs in less time.

To become the number one messenger service in the city by consistently
providing fast, convenient service at a competitive price with 98%
customer satisfaction.

Couriers should be goal oriented. They must exhibit the desire to meet
the organization's expectations by completing their job tasks as
assigned. The company believes this can be accomplished more effectively
if couriers take and pass the Bike course.

Provide training so that couriers can maintain their own bikes and avoid
breakdowns. This allows the couriers the ability to make more pick-ups
and deliveries.

Managers at Speedy Couriers, Inc. have concerns regarding their new
couriers' abilities to maintain their bikes. Because couriers supply
their own bikes, the company has no idea of each bike's condition. In
order for couriers to do their jobs effectively, their bikes must be in
good working order.

Recently, there has been a rise in calls for "breakdown" pickups,
because the couriers do not know how to fix mechanical failures. This
problem leads to increased workload on other carriers and late
deliveries and pickups, which in turn leads to unsatisfied customers.

Many couriers do not know how to correct mechanical problems with the
bike's steering system.

Describe the steps for installing and removing a bike's steering system.

Maintains bike in good working order. Troubleshoots breakdowns in a
timely manner. Conducts repairs at the time of breakdown.

Unable to maintain bike in good working order. Cannot troubleshoot
breakdowns in a timely manner. Not able to conduct repairs at the time
of breakdown.

Identify the parts of a bike's steering system.

Bike couriers do not have the knowledge or skills needed to maintain a
bicycle or the ability to troubleshoot and address problems when they
occur.

An organizational analysis was conducted on Speedy Couriers. This
appraisal was aimed at identifying areas of inefficiency and
opportunities for streamlining and reorganization.

The environment in which bike couriers work is typically outside, where
the courier and his or her bike are subject to atmospheric conditions
such as sun, rain, sleet, snow, etc. Bike maintenance will most likely
be performed inside the courier's dwelling or a garage.

Speedy Couriers has one general managers and four shift managers. The
managers work in conjunction with each other.

The physical site survey revealed that the interior layout of the Speedy
Couriers facility provided ample room and features to accommodate the
number of couriers employed as well as any maintenance or repair that is
required.

It was revealed during the survey of the social aspects of Speedy
Couriers that there was very little social interaction due to the nature
of the work as well as the high turn over rate.

Not Applicable

Skill levels for entry level bike couriers can vary from none to novice
experience levels, which range from 0 to 1 year in service. Couriers
have typically learned the skills needed through trial and error.

Bicycle Courier

Not Applicable

High school diploma, some college

Adults aged 18 to 21

The target audience for this course includes bike couriers who are
responsible maintaining their own bicycles.

General bike functions, simple maintenance

The audience has little to no experience with bike maintenance. Skills
are mainly in bike operation.

Not Applicable

Bike couriers must ensure that their bikes are in safe working order for
them to perform their jobs effectively.

A causal factor tree analysis was conducted on the Speedy Couriers, Inc.

The environmental factors were derived from examining the workplace,
resources and any company incentives that may have an impact on the gap.

Not Applicable

Couriers are provided all of the resources needed to maintain and repair
their bikes.

The study revealed that there is currently a negative incentive to
troubleshoot and repair bike problems while on courier duties. Since the
company provides unlimited breakdown service there is no reason for
couriers to repair their own bikes.

The internal factors were derived from interviews with the couriers.

Only a small percentage of the couriers had the necessary knowledge
needed to maintain and repair bicycles.

All of the couriers possessed the capacity to learn the skills needed to
maintain and repair bicycles.

Not Applicable

The following information outlines the recommendations for addressing
the identified gap.

The following information outlines the non-training recommendations for
addressing the identified gap.

Not Applicable

Two changes will be made regarding courier responsibilities. First
couriers will not receive the commission for a delivery if the breakdown
service is used and the repair could have been made without pick-up.
Second, bonuses will be provided to couriers that do not use the
breakdown service.

Not Applicable

Current employees will be required to successfully complete the
courseware within 30 calendar days of implementation. All subsequent
hires will be required to complete the courseware within 30 calendar
days of hire date.

Not Applicable

All managers will be required to complete the same courseware training
as the couriers.

The following information outlines the training recommendations for
addressing the identified gap.

Skill levels for entry level bike couriers can vary from none to novice
experience levels, which range from 0 to 1 year in service. Couriers
have typically learned the skills needed through trial and error.

The majority of couriers have high school educations and have basic
knowledge of tool use.

A survey revealed that 95% of the couriers are willing to complete
training as long as the stated incentives are employed.

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

The following information outlines the training component.

An online computer-based course will be used in conjunction with hands
on practices.

This training uses a blended approach to teaching bicycle maintenance
and repair.

The computer-based courseware will take approximately 1.5 hours to
complete. The practical exercises will take approximately 2 hours to
complete.

All financial requirements will be covered by Speedy Couriers, Inc.

The current bicycle repair technician will serve as a facilitator during
the practical exercise portion of the training as well as the grader for
the hands-on test at the end of the training.

The current bicycle repair area will be used for the practical exercises
and end of training hands-on test.

Couriers may take the computer portion of the training using one of
Speedy Courier's office computer workstations or they may take a CD of
the training to be completed at home. The current bicycle repair
equipment will be used for the practical exercises and end of training
hands-on test.

Not Applicable

The following information outlines the assessment strategies for the
Basic Bike Awareness course.

The following information outlines the assessment strategy for the
computer based portion of the training

80% mastery of all lesson tests

A rubric is provided with the courseware documentation.

The lesson tests are scored using computer programing built into the
training

Not Applicable

This section lists the technical requirements needed to complete the
instruction.

This courseware is created to run in the Internet Explorter 6.x web
browser.

Lesson content packages will be tracked in the Sum Total LMS.

The courseware does not require any special considerations when it is
running outside of an LMS.

Not Applicable

Instruction will be taken in the Learning Lab at Speedy Courier's main
office. The training is part of the employee's first day orientation and
is required. No courier assignements will be given until the employee
completes the orientation and the training.

There are no technical requirements for OJT.

This courseware meets W3C Web Accessibility Initiative Guidelines
Priority 1 checkpoints

The courseware will make use of the following players and plug-ins:
Adobe Flash Player and Acrobat Acrobat Reader

Graphics utilized are JPEGs and SWF files. SWF files may contain 3D
animation or interactivity. SWF files are being utilized in lieu of CGM
files to reach a broader audience because they can be viewed utilizing
the Adobe Flash Player.

Not Applicable

Although the courseware can be viewed using different resolutions, it is
best viewed in 1024x768 resolution

This courseware keeps it file size to the bare minimum. It tries to keep
all files below 100k. If some files are larger than the 100k a
pre-loader is attached.

Download time will vary due to the the users computer specifications.

Security level is unclassified.

The implementation of this intervention will comprise of the creation
and institution of a computer-based training program that works in
conjunction with hands-on practical exercizes.

The following information outlines the Performance evaluation.

The formative evaluation will be conducted using surveys

The summative evaluation will be conducted using surveys as well as the
analysis of assessment results

Not Applicable

Not Applicable

Not Applicable
