S1000D Sample Publication Mountain bicycle manual BIKE 002-00 2016-08-31
Mountain bicycle Mountain storm Mk1 Brook trekker Mk9 To be made
available to all S1000D users. Export of this data module to all
countries that are the residence of organizations that are users of
S1000D is permitted. Storage of this data module is to be at the
discretion of the organization. There are no specific handling
instructions for this data module. Users may destroy this data module in
accordance with their own local procedures. There are no dissemination
limitations that apply to this data module.

Copyright (C) 2016

by each of the following organizations:

* AeroSpace and Defence Industries Associations of Europe - ASD.
* Ministries of Defence of the member countries of ASD.

Limitations of liability:

* This material is provided "As is" and neither ASD nor any person who
has contributed to the creation, revision or maintenance of the material
makes any representations or warranties, express or implied, including
but not limited to, warranties of merchantability or fitness for any
particular purpose.
* Neither ASD nor any person who has contributed to the creation,
revision or maintenance of this material shall be liable for any direct,
indirect, special or consequential damages or any other liability
arising from any use of this material.
* Revisions to this document may occur after its issuance. The user is
responsible for determining if revisions to the material contained in
this document have occurred and are applicable.

S1000D-SC-2016-017-002-00 Steering Committee TOR There are no known
conditions that would change the data restrictions for, or security
classification of, this data module. CORENA
