How to use the specification -

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether and when to use the alpha characters "I" and "O".

The alpha characters "I" and "O" must not be used in any SDC, SNS, or
DC/DCV.

How to use the specification -

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Create a list of permitted CAGE codes and/or names of the originator
companies.

Business rules - Categories and layers

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Decide which issue or issues of S1000D to be used.

S1000D 4.1

Business rules - Categories and layers

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide which information sets, given in S1000D and/or project specific,
to be used.

Business rules - Categories and layers

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide which publications to be produced.

Business rules - Categories and layers

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Decide which Schemas to be used and in which information set they are to
be used.

ACT

BREX

CIR

CCT

Data Dispatch Note

Descriptive

Data Module List

Front matter

IPD

Publication Module

Procedural

Service Bulletin

CIR Update

Wiring Diagram

Wiring Fields

ACT

BREX

CIR

CCT

Data Dispatch Note

Descriptive

Data Module List

Front matter

IPD

Publication Module

Procedural

Service Bulletin

CIR Update

Wiring Diagram

Wiring Fields

Business rules - Categories and layers

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use each optional element and attribute in its
structural context.

Business rules - Categories and layers

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide on the possible deliverables, such as: S1000D objects (eg, data
modules, publication modules, illustration sheets and multimedia
objects, data management lists) using file based transfer. Page-oriented
publications and/or interactive electronic technical publications.

All S1000D CSDB objects (XML and multimedia) must be delivered.

Business rules - Categories and layers

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide on the frequency of data exchanges.

Data exchanges must occur for each official specification release.

Information generation - Zoning and access

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use a zoning and access identification system.

Information generation - Zoning and access

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which method to use for zoning and identifying access points.

Information generation - Security and data restrictions

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Decide which values to use for the attribute securityClassification and
allocate suitable definitions.

1 (lowest level of security classification, eg Unclassified)

2 (next higher level of security classification, eg Restricted)

3 (next higher level of security classification, eg Confidential)

4 (next higher level of security classification, eg Secret)

5 (next higher level of security classification, eg Top secret)

6 (another level of security classification)

7 (another level of security classification)

8 (another level of security classification)

9 (another level of security classification)

51-99 Available for projects

Information generation - Security and data restrictions

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Determine how the security classifications will be used.

Information generation - Security and data restrictions

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Determine if the policies that apply to security marking, instructions,
etc, and how those markings are required to be applied within the given
project.

Information generation - Security and data restrictions

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Decide on the retention of security classifications.

Information generation - Security and data restrictions

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Decide on how the security classifications will be marked and/or
indicated.

Information generation - Quality assurance

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide on the rules for QA of data modules and deliverables.

Information generation - Quality assurance

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide on the rules for first and second verification. For example, such
a rule might be that all data modules that have a safety related
procedure must have first verification carried out "On object".

Information generation - Quality assurance

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide on the review cycle processes and procedures.

Authoring - General writing rules

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which language to use for producing data modules.

Abkhazian

Afrikaans

Akan

Albanian

Amharic

Arabic

Aragonese

Armenian

Assamese

Avaric

Avestan

Aymara

Azerbaijani

Bashkir

Bambara

Basque

Belarusian

Bengali

Bihari languages

Bislama

Tibetan

Bosnian

Breton

Bulgarian

Burmese

Catalan; Valencian

Chamorro

Chechen

Chinese

Church Slavic; Old Slavonic; Church Slavonic; Old Bulgarian; Old Church
Slavonic

Chuvash

Cornish

Corsican

Cree

Welsh

Czech

Danish

German

Divehi; Dhivehi; Maldivian

Dutch; Flemish

Dzongkha

Greek, Modern

English

Esperanto

Estonian

Basque

Ewe

Faroese

Persian

Fijian

Finnish

French

Western Frisian

Fulah

Georgian

Gaelic; Scottish Gaelic

Irish

Galician

Manx

Greek, Modern

Guarani

Gujarati

Haitian; Haitian Creole

Hausa

Hebrew

Herero

Hindi

Hiri Motu

Croatian

Hungarian

Armenian

Igbo

Icelandic

Ido

Sichuan Yi; Nuosu

Inuktitut

Interlingue; Occidental

Interlingua (International Auxiliary Language Association)

Indonesian

Inupiaq

Italian

Javanese

Japanese

Kalaallisut; Greenlandic

Kannada

Kashmiri

Georgian

Kanuri

Kazakh

Central Khmer

Kikuyu; Gikuyu

Kinyarwanda

Kirghiz; Kyrgyz

Komi

Kongo

Korean

Kuanyama; Kwanyama

Kurdish

Lao

Latin

Latvian

Limburgan; Limburger; Limburgish

Lingala

Lithuanian

Luxembourgish; Letzeburgesch

Luba-Katanga

Ganda

Macedonian

Marshallese

Malayalam

Maori

Marathi

Malay

Macedonian

Malagasy

Maltese

Mongolian

Burmese

Nauru

Navajo; Navaho

Ndebele, South; South Ndebele

Ndebele, North; North Ndebele

Ndonga

Nepali

Norwegian Nynorsk; Nynorsk, Norwegian

Bokmål, Norwegian; Norwegian Bokmål

Norwegian

Chichewa; Chewa; Nyanja

Occitan (post 1500); Provençal

Ojibwa

Oriya

Oromo

Ossetian; Ossetic

Panjabi; Punjabi

Persian

Pali

Polish

Portuguese

Pushto; Pashto

Quechua

Romansh

Romanian; Moldavian; Moldovan

Rundi

Russian

Sango

Sanskrit

Sinhala; Sinhalese

Slovak

Slovenian

Northern Sami

Samoan

Shona

Sindhi

Somali

Sotho, Southern

Spanish; Castilian

Sardinian

Serbian

Swati

Sundanese

Swahili

Swedish

Tahitian

Tamil

Tatar

Telugu

Tajik

Tagalog

Thai

Tibetan

Tigrinya

Tonga (Tonga Islands)

Tswana

Tsonga

Turkmen

Turkish

Twi

Uighur; Uyghur

Ukrainian

Urdu

Uzbek

Venda

Vietnamese

Volapük

Welsh

Walloon

Wolof

Xhosa

Yiddish

Yoruba

Zhuang; Chuang

Zulu

Simplified Technical English

English

Authoring - General writing rules

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use ASD-STE100® when producing data modules in
English.

ASD-STE100 must not be used.

Authoring - General writing rules

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which standard dictionary to use for producing data modules.

Authoring - General writing rules

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use a terminology database or a glossary. If used,
agree on its content and management.

Authoring - General writing rules

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use a standard list of abbreviations. If used, agree
on its content and management.

Authoring - General writing rules

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide what unit of measurement to use for primary and secondary units.

Authoring - General writing rules

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on which method to be used to emphasize text.

em01 - Bold

em02 - Italic (only for legacy data, see Chap 3.9.1)

em03 - Underline (only for legacy data, see Chap 3.9.1)

em04 - Overline (only for marking vectors)

em05 - Strikethrough (not to be used to mark deleted text)

em51-em99 Available for projects

Emphasis must be indicated using the element <emphasis>. Only the
S1000D-defined values em01 thru em05 are allowed.

Emphasis must be indicated using the element <emphasis>. Only the
S1000D-defined values em01 thru em05 are allowed.

Emphasis must be indicated using the element <emphasis>. Only the
S1000D-defined values em01 thru em05 are allowed.

Emphasis must be indicated using the element <emphasis>. Only the
S1000D-defined values em01 thru em05 are allowed.

Emphasis must be indicated using the element <emphasis>. Only the
S1000D-defined values em01 thru em05 are allowed.

Authoring - Illustration rules and multimedia

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide which parts of the documentation (data modules and publications
including IETP) need to be printable.

Illustration rules and multimedia - Illustrations, General

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide if schematics derived from engineering drawings include the
original drawing number and revision status within the illustration
reproduction area.

Illustration rules and multimedia - Illustrations, General

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Decide whether to use color in the final deliverable.

Authoring - Warnings, cautions and notes

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to produce general warnings, cautions and notes in
separate descriptive data modules.

Authoring - Warnings, cautions and notes

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use warning and/or caution collections, internal or
external.

Authoring - Warnings, cautions and notes

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute vitalWarningFlag.

Authoring - Warnings, cautions and notes

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute warningType.

Authoring - Warnings, cautions and notes

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute cautionType.

Authoring - Warnings, cautions and notes

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute noteType.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the issue number with or without the inwork
number on the title page.

Authoring - Front matter

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Decide whether the use of LOEP or LOEDM.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the issue date or the issue number (with or
without inwork number) for the LOEP entries.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the applicability information for the LOEP
entries.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the issue date or the issue number (with or
without inwork number) for the LOEDM entries.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the applicability information for the LOEDM
entries.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use Highlights with updating instructions or not.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the issue date or the issue number (with or
without inwork number) for the Highlights entries.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the applicability information for the
Highlights entries.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the issue date and/or the issue number (with
or without inwork number) that apply to the TOC entries.

Authoring - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use a linear or a hierarchically subdivided TOC.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the country and language codes to use, and apply them
consistently across the project.

Data modules - Identification and status section

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether the project will allow the exchange of draft data
modules.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the definition of the issue date. This can be, for example,
the input date (ie, the release to CSDB date), or the cut-off date for
the delivery, etc.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the source of the technical names and use them consistently
across the project. In all cases, the technical name must reflect the
item represented by the SNS.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on which information codes apply to the project.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on which information codes and associated information names to be
used, and assign a Schema to be used for each information code.

All schemas must be used as needed, including: pm, update, dml, ddn,
appliccrossreftable, descript, proced, frontmatter, prdcrossreftable,
condcrossreftable, comrep, brex, crew, process, learning, ipd, sb,
schedul, fault, wrngflds, wrngdata.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide on the threshold that a data module is considered revised rather
than changed.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the use and definitions of the attributes
commercialClassification and caveat.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the priorities and relationships between the attributes
securityClassification, commercialClassification and caveat if they are
used.

When applicable, the attribute caveat (value cv51, unknown) must be
included. When applicable, the attribute commercialClassification (value
cc51, open) must be included.

Open

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to include data restriction information.

Data restrictions must be included for all module types.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to differentiate data restrictions information based on
Product configuration.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to include export controls, handling, destruction notices
and disclosure instructions.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the distribution information contained in the element
<dataDistribution>.

Distribution for all module types must include, "To be made available to
all S1000D users.".

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <dataHandling>. For example,
the handling requirements and procedures that must be applied to a data
module.

Data handling for all module types must include, "There are no specific
handling instructions for this data module."

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <dataDestruction> and how to use it.
For example, the appropriate extent of destruction instructions that
must be applied to a data module.

Data destruction for all module types must include, "Users may destroy
this data module in accordance with their own local procedures."

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <dataDisclosure>. For example,
the requirements that must be applied to a data module with regard to
disclosure instructions.

Data disclosure for all module types must include, "There are no
dissemination limitations that apply to this data module."

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <supersedure> and how to use it. For
example, the requirements that must be applied to a data module with
regard to supersedure notices.

The use of the element <supersedure> is prohibited.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <restrictionInfo>. For
example, the content and extent of restriction information to include in
a data module.

The use of the element <restrictionInfo> is required for all module
types.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <copyright>. Any copyright
information must be obtained from the relevant authority.

The element <copyright> must be used for all module types. Population is
based on the requirements of the responsible partner company.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to populate copyright information in each data module or
whether to cross-reference to a copyright data module. Note While
choosing the population method, assess the impact of changes to
copyright information on updating of data modules.

Copyright information must be populated in each module and not
cross-referenced.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <policyStatement>.

Policy statements for all module types must include, "TPSMG TOR 001."

Data modules - Identification and status section

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <dataConds>.

Data conditions for all module types must include, "There are no known
conditions that would change the data restrictions for, or security
classification of, this data module."

Data modules - Identification and status section

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <logo>and how it should be used at
presentation.

The use of the element <logo> is prohibited.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <enterpriseName> and/or the attribute
enterpriseCode to capture the name and CAGE code respectively, of the
responsible partner company. If the name is used it must be done
consistently and be mandatory for the project.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <enterpriseName> and/or the attribute
enterpriseCode to capture the name and CAGE code respectively, of the
originator. If the name is used it must be done consistently and be
mandatory for the project.

Data modules - Identification and status section

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <techStandard>.

The element <techStandard> must be used as applicable.

Data modules - Identification and status section

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <authorityInfo>.

Data modules - Identification and status section

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <techPubBase>. If used, agree
on acceptable values for the publication baseline and where they are
derived from.

Data modules - Identification and status section

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide how to use the element <authorityNotes>.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide whether to use attribute applicRefid on QA information.

The attribute applicRefId is prohibited on QA information.

Data modules - Identification and status section

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether the project will allow the exchange of draft data
modules.

The exchange of draft data modules is allowed.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <systemBreakdownCode>. If used, its
use must be consistent across the project.

The use of element <systemBreakdownCode> is required.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use element <functionalItemCode>. If used, its use
must be consistent across the project.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <functionalItemRef>. If used, its use
must be consistent across the project.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide how to populate the attribute functionalItemNumber of the element
<functionalItemRef> when this element is used.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the attribute manufacturerCodeValue of the
element <functionalItemRef>. If used, the element must be populated
consistently across the project.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <productSafety> and under what
circumstances.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Define the values to use for the attribute safetyLabel.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the element <remarks>. If used, its use must be
defined in the project business rules and guidance given.

Data modules - Identification and status section

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the attribute applicRefId of the element
<remarks> in the element <dmStatus>. The element <remarks>can contain
remarks, which can be differentiated based on Product configuration.

Identification and status section - Export control

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Decide whether export control regulations apply.

Export control regulations apply.

Identification and status section - Export control

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Decide on the requirements and procedures that must be applied to a data
module regarding export controls.

Export control statements must be included for all module types and
include, "Export of this data module to all countries that are the
residence of organizations that are users of S1000D is permitted.
Storage of this data module is to be at the discretion of the
organization."

Common constructs - Change marking

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide standard reason for update sentences to be used. Reason for
update can be used to automatically generate a highlights data module.
Normally, a project will mandate its use from issue "002" upwards.
Examples are: Revised to incorporate modification XYZ Deleted. Data
module no longer required

Common constructs - Change marking

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the element <reasonForUpdate> is used during the
production process.

Common constructs - Change marking

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether it is permissible to differentiate reasons for update
based on Product configuration.

Common constructs - Change marking

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use change marks for tables.

Common constructs - Change marking

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use change marks for figures.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the extent of cross-referencing within data modules and the
methods used for populating the various attributes.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Use of the element <internalRef> in titles is strongly discouraged.
However, decide whether to use cross-references in titles.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute targetTitle. When used (populated),
it is a tooltip in a viewer application.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to present the target titles given in the element
<title>.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the textual content of the element <internalRef>.
When used (populated), it must be presented.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use any of the "identifiers" given in the elements
<reqSupportEquips>, <reqSupplies>, <reqSpares> or <workLocation> as the
presented link (textual content of the element <internalRef>), or as a
tooltip in a viewer application (value of the attribute targetTitle).

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute internalRefTargetType, which values
to use and allocate suitable definitions to the values

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the values of the cross-reference attributes id and
internalRefId must be prefixed by alpha characters that identify the
type of the target element.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute referredFragment and, if used, list
the precautions.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use issue and in-work numbers, as well as language and
country codes of the destination data module in data module references.
In making this decision, the project or organization must be aware of
the implications of using the items when referenced data modules are
updated.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the title and the issue date of the destination
data module in data module references.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use issue and in-work numbers, as well as language and
country codes of the destination publication module in publication
module references. In making this decision, the project or organization
must be aware of the implications of using the items when referenced
publication modules are updated.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide if and how the element <refs> is populated. If populated, the
order of items in the list must be specified.

Common constructs - Referencing

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Define the words before and after the elements <dmRef>, <pmRef> and
<externalPubRef>. This is important as it has implications on the
stylesheets used. Example: For one implementation, the stylesheet can
automatically generate the words "Refer to data module: " when it
recognizes the element <dmRef>. This will cause problems if the author
has written "Refer to " within the paragraph before the element <dmRef>.

Common constructs - Lists

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use titles for each of the sequential, random and
definition lists.

Random list titles are not allowed in Warnings

Random list titles are not allowed in Cautions

Common constructs - Lists

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute listItemPrefix, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Simple (No prefix, only indent)

Unorder (Depending on list level, prefix with short dash for first
level, bullet for second, and short dash for third level - ISOpub: bull,
dash) - Default value

Dash (short dash - ISOpub: dash)

Common constructs - Lists

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use definition list headers.

Common constructs - Caption groups

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute applicRefId of various
<captionGroup> child elements.

Common constructs - Caption groups

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute tableOfContentType, (eg, for Table
of contents in Flight reference cards).

Common constructs - Caption groups

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the attributes rowsep and colsep rules between
<captionEntry> elements are required.

Common constructs - Caption groups

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the element <captionEntry> spans are to be defined
locally or by the element <spanspec>.

Common constructs - Caption groups

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute color, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions to the values

None

Green

Amber

Yellow

Red

White

Grey

Clear - Default value

Blue (used on Bike Computer Display)

Common constructs - Caption groups

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute systemIdentCode.

Common constructs - Caption groups

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether inline captions affect the text line spacing and how this
is defined

Common constructs - Titles

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <title>.

Common constructs - Titles

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to allow cross-referencing from titles.

Common constructs - Titles

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether titles can be included for the elements <brLevelledPara>
and <proceduralStep> from sublevel six thru eight when converting legacy
data to S1000D.

Common constructs - Tables

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide if a list of standard table types applies to the project (eg,
inspection, examination) and define what the business rules are for
these types in terms of their presentation requirements and certain
textual values (eg, titles and heading row values). Each of these
standard types must have a defined value that can be applied to the
table’s attribute tabstyle.

Common constructs - Tables

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide if tables represented as graphics are allowed, and if they are,
in what situations they can be used.

Common constructs - Tables

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute applicRefId of various
<table> child elements. The child elements can be differentiated based
on Product configuration.

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute applicRefId of various
<figure> child elements. The child elements can be differentiated based
on Product configuration.

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use hotspots.

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use legends.

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the element <listItemTerm> is to contain a leading zero
when using callout/item numbers. The default is no leading zero.

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the strategy for legends. Legends can appear as part of the
illustration or as text using the element <legend>. The advantage of
making the legend part of the text is that: the same illustration can
have different legends wherever it appears (eg, in multi-language
projects) the text of the element <legend> can be searched (this might
not be the case if the legend is part of the illustration) items in the
illustration can be linked to the legend by the use of hotspots the
legend in the text can save space on the illustration (particularly when
the legends are long)

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether using multimedia is suitable for the environment in which
the project will operate.

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide what types of multimedia objects are permitted.

Common constructs - Figures, multimedia and foldouts

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <foldout> in which information sets it
is allowed. Note It is only used for page-oriented publications, as it
will not have an effect in the screen view of an IETP.

Common constructs - Hotspots

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use hotspots. If hotspots are to be used
decide whether hotspots can be used to link to graphical objects from
local text If hotspots are to be used decide whether hotspots can be
used to link from graphical objects to other graphical objects or local
text If hotspots are to be used decide whether hotspots can be used to
link from graphical objects to other data modules

Common constructs - Hotspots

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <parameter> and how to use it. If
used, specify the attributes to be used within the project.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <preliminaryRqmts> in maintenance
planning, fault isolation, maintenance checklist and/or process data
modules.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <workAreaLocationGroup>. The
possibility of duplication and mismatch of data given in the maintenance
planning information must be taken into account.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <workLocation>. If used,
decide which data module types it will be used with.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <workArea>. If used, decide
which data module types to use it.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <installationLocation>. If
used, decide which data module types to use it.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <productItem>. If used, decide
which data module types to use it.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute productItemName.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute productItemType.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <taskDuration>. The
possibility of duplication and mismatch of data given in the maintenance
planning information must be taken into account.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide if a circuit breaker list is to be considered as part of
preliminary conditions and thus the use of the element, or if the
circuit breaker settings are part of the steps. In this latter case the
element <circuitBreakerDescrGroup> in steps content can be used.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <reqPersons>. For example, use
either the element <personnel> or <person> or use both elements.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Define a list of categories (eg, Electrician, Propulsion engineer,
Maintainer).

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Define a list of trades/trade codes.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <reqTechInfoGroup>.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute reqTechInfoCategory, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions to the values. Note Technical
information needed, can be presented in Required technical information
(using the element <reqTechInfoGroup>) and/or in the Reference table
(using the element <refs> in the element <content>).

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide what types of standard tools or toolkits to be identified and
listed in the table "Support equipment".

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute id to create cross-references from
the procedure to the support equipment listed in Preliminary
requirements. The attribute id on element <supportEquipDescr> is used to
establish the link between the two and will guarantee consistent use of
identification throughout the procedure. The use of cross-references is
encouraged.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute materialUsage in the elements
<supportEquipDescr>, <supplyDescr> and <spareDescr> context and what
values to be used.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which elements <catalogSeqNumberRef> <natoStockNumber>,
<identNumber>, <toolRef> and <materialSetRef> to use for identification
and how to populate these elements.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <natoStockNumber>.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <materialSetRef> in the
elements <supportEquipDescr>, <supplyDescr> and <spareDescr> context.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute id to create cross-references from
the procedure to the supplies listed in Preliminary requirements. The
attribute id on element <supplyDescr> is used to establish the link
between the two and will guarantee consistent use of identification
throughout the procedure. The use of cross-references is encouraged.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute id to create cross-references from
the procedure to the spares listed in Preliminary requirements. The
attribute id on element <sparesDescr> is used to establish the link
between the two and will guarantee consistent use identification
throughout the procedure. The use of cross-references is encouraged.

Common constructs - Preliminary requirements and requirements after job
completion

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <closeRqmts> in the process data
modules.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute circuitBreakerAction. If used,
establish writing rules to ensure that authors will be consistent in the
paragraph text and the value of the attribute itself.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use and how to populate the attribute checkSum.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute significantParaDataType and which
types of data to mark up and in what contexts. It must also be
considered that data modules can be less portable if the paragraph
significant data types are extended in the BREX file past the standard
types.

Ammunition

Instruction disposition

Lubricant

Maintenance level

Manufacturer code

Manufacturers recommendation

Modification code

Qualification code

Training level

Control or Indicator value

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use quantity data markup and to what extent. The
quantity data markup can be used with or without value and tolerance
decomposition.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute quantityType, which values to use in
what context and allocate suitable definitions to the values. Note The
project or the organization must also consider that data modules can be
less portable if the quantity data types are extended in the BREX file
past the standard types.

Length

Price

Temperature

Time

Torque value

Voltage

Volume

Mass

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use to use the element <quantityValue> and the
element <quantityTolerance> decomposition.

Common constructs - Text elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

If using the value and tolerance decomposition, decide at which level of
the markup the attribute quantityUnitOfMeasure is to be included.
Allowable locations are on the parent element <quantityGroup> which
applies to all child elements or on the individual child elements
<quantityValue> and <quantityTolerance>. A consistent usage of the
attribute quantityUnitOfMeasure is required to produce a consistent
display or printout to the user.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute quantityUnitOfMeasure, which values
to use and allocate suitable definitions to the values. Note Due to the
large number of units of measure, it is expected that a project will
only use a small subset of the available units of measure. It must also
be considered that data modules can be less portable if the units of
measure types are extended by the BREX mechanism past the standard
types.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use the element <zoneRef>, and how to use it.
Consideration for duplication and mismatch of data given in the
maintenance planning information has to be taken.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use the element <accessPointRef> and how to use it.
Consideration for duplication and mismatch of data given in the
maintenance planning information has to be taken.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use the attribute accessPointTypeValue, which values
to use and allocate suitable definitions to the values

Access is a door

Access is a panel

Access is an electrical panel

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether an index is required and to what level.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute emphasisType, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Bold - Default value

Italic (only for legacy data, see Chap 3.9.1)

Underline (only for legacy data, see Chap 3.9.1)

Overline (only for marking vectors)

Strikethrough (not to be used to mark deleted text)

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use symbols using the text element <symbol>.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the text element <footnote> and when used,
decide whether their use is limited to regular text and titles (inline)
and/or to tables (table footnotes).

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the types of footnote markers (attribute footnoteMark) to use.
It is recommended to use: only one type of footnote marker for each of
the table footnotes and the inline footnotes throughout a project
superscripted numbers for both.

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to mark up acronyms by the use of the text
elements <acronym> and <acroterm>. If used, decide whether to use the
attribute acronymType, which values to use and allocate suitable
definitions to the values.

Acronym (Candidate for list of abbreviations) - Default value

Term (Candidate for list of terms)

Symbol (Candidate for list of symbols)

Spec (Candidate for list of applicable specs)

Common constructs - Text elements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute verbatimStyle, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Generic verbatim

Filename

XML/SGML markup

XML/SGML element name

XML/SGML attribute name

XML/SGML attribute value

XML/SGML entity name

XML/SGML processing instruction

Program prompt

User input

Computer output

Program listing

Program variable name

Program variable value

Constant

Class name

Parameter name

Common constructs - Controlled content

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Decide the method of presentation for controlled content recorded by the
attributes authorityName and authorityDocument.

Common constructs - Common information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <commonInfo> in procedural,
maintenance planning, common repositories, and/or fault data modules.

Common constructs - Common information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which markup method to use for common information text: the
method containing <note>, <para> and <commonInfoDescrPara> or the method
containing only <commonInfoDescrPara>

Content section - Descriptive information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the level of granularity of the descriptive data modules.

Content section - Descriptive information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide whether to exceed 5 levels of depth for new data.

Content section - Descriptive information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide whether to impose a minimum of two occurrences of child elements
<brLevelledPara> and/or <levelledParaAlts>.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <commonInfo>, when to use the element,
and give guidance and rules that will make sure it is consistently used.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

The element <mainProcedure> and the element <proceduralStep> can contain
an indication of the skill level required for the whole procedure and/or
for individual steps/substeps using the attribute skillLevelCode. Decide
whether and how to use the attribute skillLevelCode.

Basic

Intermediate

Advanced

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute supervisorLevelCode, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Low

Low intermediate

High intermediate

High

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use of the element <timeLimitCategory> and define the
values for the attribute timeLimitCategoryValue.

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <crewRefCard>.

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <descrCrew>.

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute independentCheck, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute drillType, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions

Types of aircrew drills do not apply to the BikeDMs

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use the attribute skillLevelCode, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute crewStepCondition, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide which values to use for the attribute crewMemberType and allocate
suitable definitions.

All

Bike rider

Bike technician

Content section - Crew/Operator information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute keepWithNext in the element
<crewDrillStep>.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute initialProvisioningProjectNumber
(IPPN). The codes must not be duplicated within a project.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the NATO Stock Number, split it into its
three fields using the attributes natoSupplyClass,
natoCodificationBureau and natoItemIdentNumberCore or to fill it as a
whole in the child element <fullNatoStockNumber>.

Content section - Parts information

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the generic hotspot mechanism in IPD data modules.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute partStatus in the element
<itemSeqNumber>, which values to use and allocate suitable definitions
to the values.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <partSegment> to store the part data
in the IPD data module each time the part is listed or whether to store
the part data once externally in the part CIR data module.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <partKeyword>.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <physicalSecurityPilferageCode> and
define a list of values. When S2000M is used, the list must be as stated
in the data element definition for the S2000M element PSC.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the range and definitions of the values for the attribute
unitOfMeasure.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the method of identification of the optional part.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the method of identification of the preferred spare part.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the method of identification of the altered from part.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the method of identification of the local fabrication
material.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <selectOrManufactureFromIdent>. If
used, decide on its range and the definition of the values to be used.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <restrictedOperationNote>.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <usableOnCodeEquip>. If used,
decide on its range and the definition of the values to be used. When
S2000M is used, the list must be as stated in the data element
definition for the S2000M element UCE.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <usableOnCodeAssy>. If used,
decide on its range and the definition of the values to be used. When
S2000M is used, the list must be as stated in the data element
definition for the S2000M element UCA.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <interchangeability>. If used,
decide on its range and the definition of the values to be used. When
S2000M is used, the list must be as stated in the data element
definition for the S2000M element ICY.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the range and definitions of the values for the third
character of the element <service>.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values to use for the sixth character of the element
<sourceMaintRecoverability> and allocate suitable definitions for the
values.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <modelVersion>. If used,
decide on its range and the definition of the values to be used. When
S2000M is used, the list must be as stated in the data element
definition for the S2000M element MOV.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <effectivity>. If used, decide
on its range and the definition of the values to be used.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attributes condNumber, manufacturerCodeValue
and condType.

Content section - Parts information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the BREX for the definition of the non S2000M
elements.

Content section - Wiring data

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to produce wiring data description data modules in order
to reflect all decisions concerning elements and attributes of the
wiring data Schema.

Wiring data - Wire

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the definition of wire type content/codes.

Wiring data - Wire

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the wire sequential number.

Wiring data - Electrical equipment

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use electrical equipment connection
information, in particular define the values of attribute connectionType
consistently.

Process data module - Content

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute independentCheck, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions to the values

Process data module - Content

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use the attribute skillLevelCode, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Process data module - Content

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the level of applicability filtering. This is established
based on viewer capability and portability of the data.

Process data module - Content

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <dmLoop>.

Process data module - Dialogs

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use a dialog to assign values to an unassigned
variable.

Process data module - Dialogs

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether a variable default value will be displayed in a dialog.

Process data module - Expressions, variables and external applications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on naming conventions to be used in setting variable names.

Process data module - Expressions, variables and external applications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute variableType and the rules for
selection of the defined values.

Content section - Common information repository

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <commonInfo> in CIR.

Common information repository - Functional items

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute altNumber, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Common information repository - Circuit breakers

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute altNumber, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Common information repository - Zones

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values (eg, subzones) to use for the attribute zoneRefType
and allocate suitable definitions.

Common information repository - Zones

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute altNumber, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Common information repository - Access points

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values (eg, subaccess points) to use for the attribute
accessPointRefTypeand allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Maintenance checklists and inspections

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <checkListIntervals>.

Content section - Maintenance checklists and inspections

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <checkListProcedure> and its
subelements.

Content section - Maintenance checklists and inspections

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <equipmentNotAvailable>.

Content section - Maintenance checklists and inspections

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Projects must decide the maximum number of step levels allowed.

Content section - Service bulletin data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which topic type values are mandatory, which are optional and the
sequence in which they must be delivered in the element
<sbRevisionInfo>.

Content section - Service bulletin data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which topic type values are mandatory, which are optional and the
sequence in which they must be delivered in the element <sbSummary>.

Content section - Service bulletin data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which topic values are mandatory, which are optional and the
sequence in which they must be delivered in the element <sbPlanningInfo>

Content section - Service bulletin data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which topic type values are mandatory, which are optional and the
sequence in which they must be delivered in the element
<sbAdditionalInfo>.

Service bulletin data module - Management information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute sbModificationClassification, which
values to use and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Service bulletin data module - Management information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute genericPropertyType, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute sbMaterialType, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the use of the element <sbProcurementInfo> is allowed
directly within the element <sbMaterialSet> is allowed only within
definitions of individual material sets or is allowed only directly
within definitions of individual spares, supplies and support equipment

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the use of the element <sbIndustrySupport> is allowed
directly within <sbMaterialSet> is allowed only within definitions of
individual material sets or is allowed only directly within definitions
of individual spares, supplies and support equipment

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute sbMaterialIdent.

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute sbMaterialIssue.

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute genericPropertyType, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions to the values. The predefined
values are "gpt10" and "gpt11".

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute genericPropertyType, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions to the values

Service bulletin data module - Material information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute sbReplacementType.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <productIntroName>.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <productAndModel> and its
child elements.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <dataRestrictions> and its
child elements.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <enterpriseSpec>.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <enterpriseLogo> and if it is
populated from the element <logo> given in the Identification and status
section.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <logo> in the Identification
and status section to populate the element <publisherLogo>.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute barCodeSymbology and which barcode
symbology to be used.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <frontMatterInfo> including
the allowed values of attribute frontMatterInfoType and their
interpretation as titles at presentation.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the content of the element <title> or the
interpretation of the value of the attribute frontMatterInfoType as the
title of the Front matter information.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the introductory paragraph and on the wording of
any standard phrase.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use a hierarchical Table of contents and on the number
of levels.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether publications have to be listed by the publication only or
also by its individual data modules.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use and present the issue number
(<issueInfo>/<externalPubIssueInfo>) and/or the issue date
(<issueDate>/<externalPubIssueDate>) for the entries in the Table of
contents.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <numberOfPages> and if the number of
pages are to be presented.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use HIGH with updating instruction.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the introductory paragraph and on the wording of
any standard phrase for each of the front matter list.

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the use of <footnoteRemarks> to store the total number of
pages for a complete S1000D publication (PM).

Content section - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on the use of <footnoteRemarks> to store the total number of
pages for a complete non-S1000D publication.

Content section - SCO content data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the attribute scoEntryType, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Content section - SCO content data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <contentDescription> (eg, to
add information about the training resource).

Content section - SCO content data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether and how to use the element <contentDescription> (eg, to
add information about the content defined in the training step).

Content section - SCO content data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether the optional element <contentDescription> must be used to
add information about the content defined in the training step.

Data modules - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide how to use the element <applic> and to populate its child
elements and attributes across the project.

Data modules - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether the element <displayText> is populated by the technical
author or generated from the computable branch or some other source when
using the human readable branch of applicability.

Data modules - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use the attribute applicDisplayClass, when using the
computable applicability annotation branch.

Data modules - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide if textual applicability annotations are allowed in the element
<assert> when using the computable applicability annotation branch or if
every element <assert> should reference a declared product attribute or
condition.

Applicability - Applicability cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to specify the allowable values for a product attribute
achieved by using both the attribute valuePattern and the element
<enumeration> or to allow open text without using the attribute
valuePattern and the element <enumeration>.

Applicability - Applicability cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use the element <displayName>.

Applicability - Applicability cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use a single element <enumeration> containing the
entire set or to use multiple elements <enumeration> where each contains
only one value or range.

Applicability - Conditions cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to specify the allowable values for a product attribute
achieved by using both the attribute valuePattern and the element
<enumeration> or to allow open text without using the attribute
valuePattern and the element <enumeration>.

Applicability - Conditions cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use a single element <enumeration> containing the
entire set or to use multiple elements <enumeration> which each contain
only one value or range.

Applicability - Conditions cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use the element <displayName>.

Applicability - Conditions cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to constrain allowable conditions based on other
condition values by use of the element <dependency>.

Applicability - Products cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which product attributes and conditions to include in the PCT.
Conditions that represent operational or environmental properties will
usually not be included in the PCT as they are not associated with a
product instance.

Authoring - Attributes

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to translate and use the "S1000D interpretation" of
configurable attribute values in the languages adopted by the project.

Caption for dialog cancel function

Sets the caption to "CANCEL"

Sets the caption to "ABORT"

Sets the caption to "NO"

Sets the caption to "END"

Sets the caption to "QUIT"

Caption for dialog reset caption

Sets the caption to "RESET"

Sets the caption to "CLEAR"

Caption for dialog submit function

Sets the caption to "OK"

Sets the caption to "SUBMIT"

Sets the caption to "YES"

Sets the caption to "CONTINUE"

Sets the caption to "EXIT"

Attributes - Project configurable values

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide whether to use any project specific attribute values, which
values to use and allocate suitable definitions and interpretations.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

The element <mainProcedure> and the element <proceduralStep> can contain
a check using the attribute independentCheck to indicate that the whole
procedure and/or individual steps/substeps must be checked by a
supervisor with a given qualification. Decide whether and how to use the
attribute independentCheck.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the alternates concept for steps, figures and
multimedia within the element <mainProcedure>. This concerns the child
elements <proceduralStepAlts>, <figureAlts> and <multimediaAlts>.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide on the maximum number of step levels allowed in a procedure.
Exceeding five levels of depth is strongly discouraged in development of
new data. It is recommended that additional levels are only used in a
conversion effort where the existing data is authored to this depth
(maximum eight levels) and restructuring of data is not feasible.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide whether to allow for a single substep, or to insist on a minimum
of two substeps in a step. Note The Schema allows for a single substep.

Content section - Procedural information

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute keepWithNext.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the attribute itemCharacteristic.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute altsName for the element
<proceduralStepAlts> for steps.

Content section - Procedural information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and how to use the element <title> for steps.

Content section - Fault information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the correlated fault concept.

Content section - Fault information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide how to populate element <warningMalfunction>, element
<assocWarningMalfunction> and element <bitMessage> when using the
correlated fault concept.

Content section - Fault information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the repetition of the detection and description
information for the basic fault which has been correlated (element
<faultDescr> and element <detectionInfo>) is used. Projects can consider
that the detection and description information can for example be
populated during IETP generation by picking up the information in the
detected fault list data module describing the basic faults.

Content section - Fault information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute independentCheck, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Fault information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <title> in fault isolation steps.

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values to use for the attribute inspectionTypeCategoryand
allocate suitable definitions. .

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide on a methodology of assigning tasks to groups.

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute markerType, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute worthinessLimit, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute reducedMaint, which values to use
and allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values to use for the attribute sourceOfRqmt allocate
suitable definitions.

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute approval, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions.

Content section - Maintenance planning information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the element <preliminaryRqmts>.

Common information repository - Access points

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute altNumber, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Common information repository - Supplies

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values to use for the attribute lowestLevel and allocate
suitable definitions.

Common information repository - Supplies, requirements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to implement supply requirement CIR data module.

Common information repository - Supplies, requirements

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether there is one single supply requirement CIR data module or
several depending on the SNS. The application of the SNS determines the
granularity of these data modules.

Common information repository - Tools

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values to use for the attribute toolRefType and allocate
suitable definitions.

Common information repository - Tools

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute altNumber, which values to use and
allocate suitable definitions to the values.

Common information repository - Tools

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which values (eg, servicing, maintenance, overhaul, repair) to
use for the attribute taskCategoryCode and allocate suitable
definitions.

Common information repository - Functional and/or physical areas

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to manage the system difference code in the functional
and/or physical areas CIR data module.

Common information repository - Functional and/or physical areas

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to manage the disassembly code and disassembly variant
code in the functional and/or physical areas CIR data module.

Content section - Container data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the container data module.

Content section - Container data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether applicability annotations are duplicated from the
referenced data modules to the container data module.

Learning data module - Learning plan information type

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to conduct a performance analysis to determine factors
that can affect performance and gaps in job performance or a training
needs analysis to determine training requirements.

Learning data module - Learning plan information type

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to develop learning objectives in accordance with task
analysis items. Learning objectives ought to be developed in accordance
with task analysis items that support system maintenance and operational
procedures. Aligning learning objectives with task analysis items in the
early content preplanning stages will foster reusable data and content
alignment. Refer to Chap 3.9.7 for content preplanning discussions.

Learning data module - Learning plan information type

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to package lesson plans in SCORM content packages.

Learning data module - Learning plan information type

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Define life cycle need for analysis information and requirements
resulting from a Performance Analysis for the client organization and
human performance system affected by the product.

Learning data module - Learning plan information type

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Define life cycle need for analysis information and requirements
resulting from a Training Needs Analysis for a training intervention.

Learning data module - Learning plan information type

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use of the element <dmRef> to establish references to
content data supporting learning objective items.

Content section - Learning assessment information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to assign weighted values to individual interactions.

Content section - Learning assessment information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to allow multiple response attempts for interaction
items.

Content section - Maintenance checklists and inspections

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the attribute checkListCategory, which values to
use and allocate suitable definitions to the values

Attributes - Fixed values

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide if any project specific attribute values are needed for the
attribute quantityUnitOfMeasure. If needed, decide which project
specific values to use for the attribute quantityUnitOfMeasure and
allocate suitable definitions.

Quantity data unit of measure - for further information refer to Chap
3.9.6.2 and the corresponding xml table

Information management - Data module code

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide on the data module coding strategy to use for the Product and/or
the project.

Data module code - Model identification code

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which model identification codes to use for the Product.

S1000D Bike platform

S1000D Bike light system

S1000D Brake system

Data module code - Model identification code

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to allow the use of one or several model identification
codes.

Data module code - System difference code

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which system difference code values to be used for the Product.

Data module code - System difference code

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use UOC as the system difference code.

Data module code - Standard numbering system

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which SNS structure to use for the Product.

Systems (Bike specific SNS)

Systems (Bike specific SNS)

Subsystems (Bike specific SNS)

Subsubsystems

Units or assembly

Data module code - Standard numbering system

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide on the use of the material item category code.

Data module code - Standard numbering system

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use two or four characters for unit or assembly.

Data module code - Standard numbering system

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which responsible partner company codes to use for
non-chapterized illustrated parts data modules.

Data module code - Standard numbering system

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which responsible partner company codes to use for
non-chapterized, non-S2000M illustrated parts data modules.

Data module code - Standard numbering system

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide which unique identifiers to use for non-chapterized, non-S2000M
illustrated parts data modules.

Data module code - Disassembly code variant

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to use one, two or three characters for the disassembly
code variant and how to populate.

Data module code - Information code variant

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use numeric values in addition to alphabetic values in
the information code variant.

Information management - Information control number

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide which method to be used for the ICN.

Information management - Information control number

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether the ICN is presented within the illustration reproduction
area.

Information management - Information control number

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to use the project´s or the originator's classification
rules.

Information management - Information control number

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide which structure to use for the ICN (eg, only numerical, fixed
length, use of character set).

Information management - Information control number

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide which values on responsible partner company codes to be used.

Information management - Information control number

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decided which security classifications to use.

Information management - Data management lists

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to use the data management requirement list for
specification and exchange of CSDB planning information.

Information management - Data management lists

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to list publication modules and/or IPD illustrations in
the data management requirement list.

Information management - Data management lists

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to use the CSDB status list for exchange of CSDB status
information.

Information management - Data management lists

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide what CSDB objects types are to be tracked in the CSDB status
list, and at a minimum these must be data modules,
illustrations/multimedia objects and publication modules.

Information management - Data management lists

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to include only the latest issues of CSDB objects or all
issues in the CSDB status list.

Information management - Data management lists

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether the issue date of a data management requirement list must
be the input date (the release to CSDB date), the cut-off date for the
information, the planning date or some other more appropriate date.

Information management - Comment

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide whether to use the comment form.

Comment - Identification section

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide which values to use for the attribute commentPriority and
allocate suitable definitions.

Routine

Emergency

Safety critical

Comment - Identification section

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide which values to use for the attribute responseType and allocate
suitable definitions.

Accepted

Pending

Partially accepted

Rejected

Comment - Content section

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide which file types are allowed for attachments to comment forms.

Information management - Interchange of data modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide which resolution to use for raster graphics.

Information management - Interchange of data modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Illustration and multimedia creation business rules cover the creation
of illustrations and multimedia objects. They are divided into style,
detail and data format.

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether photographs will be used. If used, for what purposes.

Publication management - Publication module

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether logotypes are used in the publication module and the
usage in front matter data module.

Publication management - Publication module

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the element <systemBreakdownCode>. If used, define
the content of the element consistent across the project.

Publication management - Publication module

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the element <remarks>. If used, its use must be
defined in the project business rules and guidance given.

Publication management - Coding publication modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide on the use of the attribute pmIssuer.

Information management - Business rules exchange

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to develop and use a project specific BREX data module.

Information management - Business rules exchange

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to apply a layered BREX data module structure. This
decision is related to, but not entirely dependent on, whether a layered
business rules structure applies.

Business rules exchange - Coding the BREX data modules

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide which set or sets of business rules are allowed within the given
project or the organization. Accordingly, decide which BREX data modules
will be used to reflect those business rules.

Business rules exchange - BREX data module

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the BREX data module for exchange of information
on the applied SNS.

BREX data module - Context related rules

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the BREX data module to impose any restrictions in
the use of various formats for illustrations, multimedia objects or
other data.

Information management - Process data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Decide whether to use the process data module.

Information management - Process data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use IC 951 for identification of process data modules.

Information management - Multiple instances of CSDB objects

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to generate multiple instances of CSDB objects to
generate several customized instances of any one object issue. If so,
decide how the attributes extensionProducer and extensionCode must be
used.

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use the CIR concept.

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to produce CIR data modules.

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether the CIR data modules are to be used only internally to
the manufacturer or integrator, as part of the production/integration
environment ("internal repositories") or if the CIR data modules are
also a deliverable to the customer.

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which CIR data module types to be used. In order to avoid any
redundancy and inconsistency, care must be paid on some types, depending
on other project specific decisions, for example tailoring of the S2000M
(IPD data modules vs Part CIR data module).

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether CIR-dependent data modules are delivered to customer, as
it implies a specific process to retrieve the self-standing data modules
from the CIR-dependent data module and the CIR data module.

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether and which CIR data module types to be published.

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether there is one single or several data modules for a
dedicated type of CIR data module within a Project or for a specific
model identification code.

Optimizing and reuse - Common information repository concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide whether to use implicit or explicit references, or both between
content specific data elements and the CIR data modules.

Optimizing and reuse - Alternates concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide whether to use alternates group elements. If used, which groups
and in which data modules types.

Optimizing and reuse - Alternates concept

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide whether alternates groups and elements can be mixed in a given
structure.

Optimizing and reuse - Container data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Decide whether to use container data modules.

Optimizing and reuse - Container data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide which identification method to use for container data modules.
The chosen method must be used systematically.

Optimizing and reuse - Container data module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether applicability annotations are duplicated from the
referenced data modules to the container data module.

Information management - Applicability

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide if the project will use applicability.

Information management - Applicability

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Define the required functionality for applicability.

Information management - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

If functionality is limited to print and static display, decide if
applicability data module types (ACT, CCT, and PCT) will be used.

Information management - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Define a consistent naming and identification scheme for product
attributes and conditions, when ACT and CCT data modules are
implemented.

Information management - Applicability

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Specify the method that content is presented which is not valid for the
current maintenance context. The content can be removed, hidden or
de-emphasized in some manner.

Information management - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to also provide the human readable part of applicability
or rely on the viewer to build the human readable part, when providing
the computer processing part of applicability.

Information management - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to provide one instance of each data module types (ACT,
CCT and PCT) or to segregate the project into multiple instances of each
data module type, and the method for segregation.

Applicability - Applicability cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide how to divide the properties of the Product into product
attributes or condition types.

Applicability - Applicability cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide on the extent of configuration management and editing access to
be applied to product attributes within an ACT data module.

Applicability - Conditions crossreference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use the incorporation status list in the CCT data
module.

ApplicabiIity - Products cross

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide which product instances are contained in a PCT data module.
Options include listing all product instances in service or listing only
the product instances within an organization.

ApplicabiIity - Products cross

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to publish a static issue of the PCT data module or use
the data module as a transient transfer mechanism between an external
system and a viewer.

ApplicabiIity - Products cross

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide how to maintain the list of product instance configuration
specifications and the associated values for product attributes and
conditions.

ApplicabiIity - Applicability cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the ACT catalog data module.

ApplicabiIity - Applicability cross-reference table

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether the supplier applicability attributes are defined in the
ACT data module or if the supplier definition is used.

Learning information - SCORM content package module

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to use the attribute scoEntryType to indicate the
required resource type.

Information management - Content specific data

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide which properties associated to the technical information objects
(eg, names, short names) to store within the data module when delivered.

Maintenance information - Maintenance procedures

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide the applicable systems for land and sea products.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide how to use the element field descriptions of the wiring data
description Schema in an interactive wiring publication.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to produce introduction data modules for wiring
publications. If required, the scope of these introduction data modules
must be defined.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to produce descriptive information for connection units
including illustrations and tables.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to produce descriptive information for wires and
harnesses including illustrations and tables.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Define source and scope of wiring standard practices data modules.
Decide whether to prepare standard wiring practice information as
procedural or descriptive data modules.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to produce wiring diagrams for an interactive wiring
publication.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether harness routing drawings are to be simplified and how
their layout must look like.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to code harness installation drawing data modules by
using zone information. If decided to use zone information for the
coding, the structure of the data module code is possibly not
appropriate. In this case, it must be decided on changes of the proposed
structure for the Product (eg, population of the zone information in the
unit or assembly group of the SNS instead of in the
subsystem/sub-subsystem group).

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to prepare harness installation information for each
major area in list form in addition to or instead of harness
installation and routing drawings.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to code harness routing drawing data modules by using
zone information. If decided to use zone information for the coding, the
structure of the data module code is possibly not appropriate. In this
case, it must be decided on changes of the proposed structure for the
Product (eg, population of the zone information in the unit or assembly
group of the SNS instead of in the subsystem/sub-subsystem group).

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to produce separate data modules containing equipment and
panel location illustrations.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to produce data modules containing electrical standard
parts data.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Define the required information for each electrical or electronic item
of equipment that has electrical connections.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to code electrical equipment information data modules by
using zone information. If decided to use zone information for the
coding, the structure of the data module code is possibly not
appropriate. In this case, it must be decided on changes of the proposed
structure for the Product (eg, population of the zone information in the
unit or assembly group of the SNS instead of in the
subsystem/sub-subsystem group).

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to code harness data modules by using zone information.
If decided to use zone information for the coding, the structure of the
data module code is possibly not appropriate. In this case, it must be
decided on changes of the proposed structure for the Product (eg,
population of the zone information in the unit or assembly group of the
SNS instead of in the subsystem/sub-subsystem group).

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether and how to generate harness wire list data modules for a
page-oriented or an interactive wiring publication from the wiring data
modules that are based on the wiring Schema.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether and how to generate connection list data modules for a
page-oriented or an interactive wiring publication from the wiring data
modules that are based on the wiring Schema.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether and how to generate harness plug and receptacle list data
modules for a page-oriented or an interactive wiring publication from
the wiring data modules that are based on the wiring Schema.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether and how to generate terminal list data modules for a
page-oriented or an interactive wiring publication from the wiring data
modules that are based on the wiring Schema.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether and how to generate splice list data modules for a
page-oriented or an interactive wiring publication from the wiring data
modules that are based on the wiring Schema.

Common information sets - Wiring data

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether and how to generate earth point list data modules for a
page-oriented or an interactive wiring publication from the wiring data
modules that are based on the wiring Schema.

Common information sets - Equipment information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide if front matter is to be authored as separate modules or use the
consolidated Front matter Schema.

Common information sets - Equipment information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide what level of detail to provide in the functional and technical
descriptions.

Common information sets - Equipment information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether the Wiring data Schema and the Wiring data description
Schema are to be used or not. Interactive wiring publication
functionalities are only to be made available if the Wiring Schema is
used.

Common information sets - Equipment information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide what level of detail to provide in the maintenance and servicing
data modules.

Common information sets - Equipment information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide how to implement the lists of consumables, materials,
expendables, standard SE, special SE and tools.

Common information sets - Equipment information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use equivalent substitutes for consumables, materials,
expendables equipment and tools.

Common information sets - Equipment information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide what the level of detail to provide in the IPD modules.

Common information sets - Battle damage assessment and repair
information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to separate the BDARP into product frame and engine BDAR
information.

Common information sets - Battle damage assessment and repair
information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to prepare separate data modules for degradation
information, or to include this information in the damage assessment
data modules.

Common information sets - Battle damage assessment and repair
information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to produce an interactive BDARP and define the required
functionalities.

Common information sets - Service bulletins

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether material information must be a part of the "core" SB data
module or if it can (depending on the volume) be presented in one or
more referenced separate SB data modules.

Common information sets - Service bulletins

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether or not to allow classifying service bulletins as Alert.

Common information sets - Service bulletins

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use the four compliance categories or to define
others.

Common information sets - Service bulletins

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide the threshold for minimum impact on weight that must be reported
in a SB.

Common information sets - Service bulletins

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide the threshold for minimum impact on balance that must be reported
in a SB.

Common information sets - Service bulletins

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide the threshold for minimum impact on electrical load that must be
reported in a SB.

Common information sets - Service bulletins

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide on the precise definitions of "maintenance publications" and
"operational publications" and whether to separate them into different
listings in the Impact on publications.

Common information sets - Training

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Agree on the scope and depth of the planning information.

Common information sets - Training

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Agree on scope and depth of the training information.

Common information sets - List of applicable publications

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use a full set of data modules or a publication module
to carry the listing of the applicable publications and other documents
including individual data modules.

Common information sets - List of applicable publications

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use the Front matter Schema or the Descriptive Schema
for the publication list data modules.

Common information sets - List of applicable publications

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to deliver the publications and documents listed in one
data module/publication module (with one or more lists presented as
tables) or as separate data modules/publication modules (eg, by
operational publications or maintenance publications).

Common information sets - List of applicable publications

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to include publications and documents that are not
published.

Common information sets - List of applicable publications

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to markup the publication entry as a link when using the
Descriptive Schema.

Common information sets - List of applicable publications

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to include and present the manufacturer’s part No. or
reference No.

Common information sets - List of applicable publications

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to include and present the language of the publication or
document in the entries.

Air specific information sets - Engine maintenance information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to indicate additional information under the heading of
the parts list "Remarks" (eg, modification number applicable to the
item).

Air specific information sets - Aircrew information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide on the standards of performance to be used in the calculation.

Air specific information sets - Aircrew information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether the conditions or phases of flight listing can be
supplemented by projects conditions or phases.

Air specific information sets - Aircrew information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide which of the two models are used to structure checklists.

Air specific information sets - Aircrew information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether the order of drills will be project specific. Limitations
and operating data required by the project must be included.

Air specific information sets - Aircrew information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to supplement the order of drills checklist listing.

Air specific information sets - Aircrew information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide on the numbering of checks within each drill.

Land/sea specific information sets - Crew/Operator descriptive
information

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide on the above description types to be used.

Common requirements - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which front matter is to be included (mandatory or optional) in
each of the page-oriented publications and in the IETP. The decisions
must be based on the rules given in Chap 3.9.4.

Common requirements - Front matter

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Decide which information codes to be used, the basic (eg, 00R) or the
alternative (eg, 002).

Common requirements - Illustrated parts data

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide if the IPD is produced as a standalone publication or as a part
of for example an equipment maintenance publication.

Common requirements - Illustrated parts data

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide which of the optional data from the parts data must be included
and which optional elements must be displayed.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to use task sets in the CMP.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether "placeholder" data modules are required for those topics
where data is not required or necessary.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide what front matter data modules to be used and their content.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to include access illustration and its format for IETP.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide on the updating frequency for incorporating service bulletins
into the CMP.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether IPD information is to be provided as a separate
publication.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to include maintenance planning information in the CMP.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to include removal and installation information in the
CMP.

Common Requirements - Component maintenance publications

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to include manufacturer's test support data and its
format.

Information presentation and use - Page-oriented publications

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the S1000D standard page-oriented presentation
given in Chap 6.2.2 and Chap 6.2.3 or to use any other rules for
presentation to meet specific project or organization requirements. The
business rules must specify the information needed to contract the
desired presentation.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use mirrored headers and footers.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide on the page size (including sizes when foldouts are allowed, see
below) per publication.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide in what circumstances (eg, interspersed or at the end of the
publication) is presented in page-oriented publications.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the inwork markings. The details must be
documented.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present or not the responsible producer of the
page-oriented output and/or where the publication was printed.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the S1000D standard page-oriented presentation
rules for the publication module code or to create project or
organization specific rules for its positioning and style within the
header.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the S1000D standard page-oriented presentation
rules for the data module code or to create project or organization
specific rules for its positioning and style within the footer.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use S1000D standard page-oriented presentation rules
for the issue date or to create project or organization specific rules
for its positioning in the bottom of the footer.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the S1000D standard page-oriented presentation
rules for the page number or to create project or organization specific
rules for its positioning in the footer.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use double numbering of pages when printed on one
(right-hand) side only (eg, 11/12, 13/14).

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the S1000D standard page-oriented presentation
rules for the applicability annotation or to create project or
organization specific rules for the presentation.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the security markings in sentence case instead
of in uppercase.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the commercial classification (value of attribute
commercialClassification) and/or national caveat (value of attribute
caveat) as an alternative to the security classification (value of the
attribute securityClassification).

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to exclude the presentation of security markings for
unclassified publications or not.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the S1000D standard page-oriented presentation
rules for the safety classification (attribute safetyLabel of the
element <productSafety>) or to create project or organization specific
rules for the presentation.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present any of the logotypes given in the element
<logo> and how this element is presented (eg, size, color).

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide on the text that will be used to identify the end of a data
module, either "End of data module" or "End of" followed by the data
module title.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the "End of" statement in the footer or in the
body of the page.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use double column text, and under what circumstances.
Typography for double column page layout must be documented.

Page - oriented publications-Page layout, paper publications, headers
and footers

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use double sided printing on foldout pages. Note A3L
paper in A3L binders are normally printed on both sides.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the titles for the element <proceduralStep>
and to which level.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the titles for the element <crewDrillStep> and
to which level. Note Presentation of the titles for steps on level six
thru level eight are not given. The use of these elements is discouraged
and their use and presentation are project decisions.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the document title as a centerhead No. 1 and a
centerhead No. 2 or as a centerhead No. 1 only (including both element
<techName> and element <infoName>).

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present more than three sidehead levels in the table
of contents.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the List of tables.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the prefix "Table" before the table number in
the List of tables.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the List of figures.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the prefix "Fig" before the figure number in
the List of figures.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the S1000D standard presentation rules for titles
(sidehead 1 thru sidehead 5 or if used thru sidehead 8) or to create
project or organization specific rules such as type size, leading and
justification.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the titles for the element <brLevelledPara> on
level six thru eight.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the preferred or the alternative method for
labeling procedural steps.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the recommended presentation rules for type size,
spacing and justification.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use hierarchical indented steps, when used without
titles.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use a consistent set of prefixes for random list
throughout the project.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the footnote markers as superscripted numbers
(default) or as numbers presented within parenthesis.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the inline footnotes at the bottom of the page
(default) or at the end of the data module.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the footnotes on the relevant page, if the
table is split over several pages.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to, in exceptional cases, allow presentation of vertical
lines in formal table. Note The rendering of the table must be based on
the elements and attributes in the XML files. The author must apply
elements and attributes as defined in Chap 3.9.5.2.1.6 in order to
achieve the layout described in this chapter.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use one of the alternative methods for individual
numbering of multi sheet illustrations. The chosen method must be used
throughout the project.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the alternative rule to present the warnings
before the step/para number. Note Projects must be aware of potential
hazards when allowing step numbers to follow the warning and ensure that
there is a clear connection in the presentation between the warning and
the associated steps.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present symbols in warnings and cautions. The symbols
must be standardized and documented.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use symbolic presentations of warnings and cautions.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use numbered notes within a data module.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to display change marks.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use an alternative visual presentation as change
marker

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to change mark individual table rules at presentation.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the data module title in the reference table
("Table 1  References").

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the title (element
<pmTitle>/<externalPubTitle>) or the short title (element
<shortPmTitle>/<shortExternalPubTitle>), or both, in the reference table
("Table 1  References").

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide in which order the referenced document is presented in the
reference table ("Table 1  References"): In order of appearance,
alphabetical order, data modules before publications, etc.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the external publication code (element
<externalPubCode>), the title (element <externalPubTitle>) or the short
title (element <shortExternalPubTitle>) as the inline reference.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to present the name (element <name>) or the abbreviated
alternate name (element <shortName>), as the cross-reference in the
text.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the preferred or the alternative method for
presentation of applicability statements.

Page - oriented publications-Typography and layout elements

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to highlight (bold) the default heading and applicability
statement at presentation.

Layout rules and examples - Front matter data modules

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide which elements and attributes to be presented on the Title page.
Note The decisions must be coordinated/based on the Business rules
decision points given in Chap 3.9.5.2.16.

Layout rules and examples - Front matter data modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide on the height of the product illustration on the Title page, if
used.

Layout rules and examples - Front matter data modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide which elements and attributes to be presented on the Table of
content page. Note The decisions must be coordinated/based on the
Business rules decision points given in Chap 3.9.5.2.16.

Layout rules and examples - Front matter data modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide which elements and attributes to be presented on the List of
effective pages. Note The decisions must be coordinated/based on the
Business rules decision points given in Chap 3.9.5.2.16.

Layout rules and examples - Front matter data modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide which elements and attributes to be presented on the List of
effective data modules. Note The decisions must be coordinated/based on
the Business rules decision points given in Chap 3.9.5.2.16.

Layout rules and examples - Front matter data modules

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide which elements and attributes to be presented on the Highlights
data modules. Note The decisions must be coordinated/based on the
Business rules decision points given in Chap 3.9.5.2.16.

Information presentation and use - IETP

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide whether to use the rules and guidance for look and feel, and
printed output from an IETP detailed in Chap 6.3.1 or an alternate
output specification.

IETP - Output specification

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide which, if any, of the basic set of main menu bar functions to
mandate.

IETP - Output specification

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

Decide whether to allow the printing of classified data. If not allowed,
the print function must be disabled when classified data is presented in
the IETP viewer

IETP - Output specification

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Decide on the use of an additional information bar. If used, it must be
decided which information to be available in the additional information
bar.

Functionality - Background and explanation

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to use the functionality matrix. If used, fill in the
functionality matrix.

Functionality - Background and explanation

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide on which functionality is required in the technical publications.

Functionality - Background and explanation

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Security business rules cover all security issues and intellectual
property rights. They include security classifications, copyright
markings, use or disclosure restrictions, destruction instructions and
any other data restrictions.

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide on which functionality is required in the technical publications.

Generation of publications - Inclusion of legacy information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide the preferred syntax to identify legacy data by a publication
code.

Generation of publications - Inclusion of legacy information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide whether to use the attribute pubCodingScheme. If used, decide on
the set of allowed coding schemes and the syntax of those schemes.

Generation of publications - Inclusion of legacy information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide whether to include legacy information by encapsulating it in data
modules or by referencing it as external publications using the
publication module.

Generation of publications - Inclusion of legacy information

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Data integrity and management business rules enforce the referential
integrity within the CSDB. Closely coupled with the data exchange
business rules they cover how data is managed by both the creator and
the customer.

Legacy data conversion, management and handling business rules are quite
separate from the other categories outlined above and can be considered
(to some extent) as being outside of the scope of S1000D. They cover
rules for converting data from say, an ATA iSpec 2200 project, to data
modules and will vary from project to project depending on the format of
the source data (word processor, paper, Standard Generalized Markup
Language (SGML)), and how the target data modules must be treated.

Decide the syntax and semantics of the links established to reference
legacy data.

Information interchange - File based transfer

General business rules cover all decisions made by a project or an
organization that are not covered by any of the specific business rule
categories below. They serve as overall decisions for the implementation
of S1000D.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide whether to use compression techniques on files being transferred
and which techniques to be used.

Information interchange - File based transfer

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide which file formats, besides the S1000D standard formats, to use.

Information interchange - Resource description framework/Dublin core
metadata

The rules for how data must be exchanged between partners and customers
are covered in business rule category 7. This includes for example the
use of data dispatch notes and how data management requirement lists as
well as CSDB status lists are used. The rules in this category include
how the S1000D file based transfer protocol is used, the frequency of
data exchanges, if unverified data are exchanged, the rules for data
module and graphic issue numbers, and the acceptance and rejection
criteria.

Decide on the inclusion of RDF/DC metadata in data dispatch notes, data
management lists and comments. It is recommended that inclusion is
applied consistently across all CSDB objects.

Information processing - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide on the format for generating the displayed applicability
annotation from the computable applicability annotation that will best
fulfill industry and/or customer display requirements.

Information processing - Applicability

Text creation business rules consist of rules and guidelines (including
terminology rules such as language and dictionaries, and the order of
preference) for maximizing the amount of reuse that can be achieved
within technical publications, and between technical publications and
supporting training content.

Data output business rules specify the output formats for S1000D data.
These formats can include page-oriented (eg, paper, pdf) formats, IETP
formats, multimedia formats and SCORM formats. The decision regarding
which portion of the data will be published in what formats must be
agreed and written within these business rules.

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide if modifications to PCT assigned values are allowed.

SNS, information codes and learn codes - Maintained SNS

Product definition business rules cover the data module coding strategy
related to how the Product is broken down (eg, physical or functional).
Included is the definition of the model identification codes to be used
in the Product and its subsystems. Supplier subsystems and
identifications also need to be considered.

Decide whether to translate and use the SNS titles and the definitions
in the languages adopted by the project.

SNS, information codes and learn codes - Information codes

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide and agree on allocation of project specific information codes and
give them short and full definitions.

SNS, information codes and learn codes - Information codes

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Decide whether to translate and use the information code definitions in
the languages adopted by the project.

SNS, information codes and learn codes - Learn codes

Maintenance philosophy and concepts of operation business rules cover
the types of information that a project or an organization requires.
They include for example a list or detailed specification of chosen
information sets, an information codes specification which details the
information codes, and information names that describe the data module
content.

Business process business rules cover how technical publications
development is coordinated with other disciplines within an organization
or within the project level at that organization or the project as a
whole. For example, they describe the rules and relationships with LSA,
S2000M compliant initial provisioning, engineering/design and training
(eg, SCORM conformance).

Decide whether to translate and use the learn code definitions in the
languages adopted by the project.

Sequential (numbered) lists not allowed unless in descriptive data
modules

Notes are not allowed in Warnings

Ordered lists are not allowed in Warnings

Definition lists are not allowed in Warnings

Random lists must not be nested within Warnings

Notes are not allowed in Cautions

Ordered lists are not allowed in Cautions

Definition lists are not allowed in Cautions

Random lists must not be nested within Cautions

Priority level of a comment required

Type of crew member required for drill or procedural step

Type of install location

Section

Station

Water line

Buttock line

Frame

Maintenance level

Level 1 (home)

Level 2 (authorized workshop)

Origin of equipment/harness/wire

Manufacturer

Vendor

Partner

Task code

Detailed inspection (DET)

Discard (DIS)

Functional Check (FNC)

General visual inspection (GVI)

Lubrication (LUB)

Operational check (OPC)

Restoration (RST)

Servicing (SVC)

Visual check (VCK)

Limit type

Time between overhaul

Hard time

Since last maintenance

Out time limit

On condition

Check maintenance

Functional check

Unit of measurement for the threshold interval

Months

Weeks

Years

Days

Shop visits

Auxiliary power unit change

Wheel change

kilometer

Attribute sourceTypeCode indicates the type of source

fec

sample

Attribute sourceCriticality indicates the impact of not complying with
the requirement

Evident, Safety

Evident, operational

Evident, Economic

Hidden, Safety

Hidden, Non-Safety

Bike data modules must be reviewed and approved by EPWG before
publishing.

The Bike data set must contain examples of how to apply constructs and
principles representing various levels of concept sophistication.
