Wire number The wire number is the unique identifier for all electrical
wires installed on the bicycle. Wire type Wire type identifies the
electrical wire in coded form, eg AP. Wire gauge Wire gauge identifies
the gauge of the wire in coded form, eg. 010. Wire part number Wire part
number gives the part number of the wire. Harness ident Harness ident
identifies the harness in which the wire is pre-assembled. Wire
sequential number Contains the sequential number of the wire, e.g. in
the harness. Wire information circuit code Contains the identifier of
the circuit to which the wire belongs. Wire information wire section
identification Contains the identifier of the section to which the wire
belongs. Length Length identifies the length of the wire. The given
value is approximately 10% higher than necessary to install the wire on
the bicycle. Color Color identifies the color of the wire sheating.
Twisting Twistig identifies wires, which are twisted together with a
unique identifier. Electric ident Electric ident shows the electrical
identification, to which the wire is connected. It is available for all
electrical equipment, eg L1. Contact Contact identifies the electrical
contact to which the wire is connected. Group code Identifies wires,
which are connected to the same terminal lug. Screens Screens identifies
all screens that shield the wire. Wires shielded by the same screen are
identified by the same screens value. Responsible partner company The
responsible partner company indicates the company responsible for the
integration of the wire to the bicycle. Feed-through Identifies bunges
through which the wire is routed. Next higher assembly Identifies the
next higher assenbly, in which the wire is installed. Harness ident
Harness ident identifies pre-assembled wires, which are installed on the
bicycle. Harness Part number Harness part number gives the part number
of the harness identified by the harness ident. Harness variant Harness
variant identifies the variant of the harness in addition to the harness
part number. Harness issue Harness issue identifies the production
variant of the harness in addition to the harness part number. Harness
nomenclature Harness nomenclature identifies the harness by using a
specific name. Harness separation code Harness separation code gives the
separation code of the harness. Minimum temperature Minimum temperature
gives the minimum environment temperature in which the harness can be
used. Maximum temperature Maximum temperature gives the maximum
environment temperature in which the harness can be used. Harness
environment Harness environment indicates that a harness is used in high
vibriation or/and hydraulic areas. Harness sleeve Gives the part number
and/or the material of the sleeves used on the harness. Responsible
partner company The responsible partner company indicates the company
responsible for the integration of the harness to the bicycle. Electric
ident Electric ident shows the electrical identification, which is
available for all electrical equipment, eg L1. Part identification Part
identification shows the part number of the equipment. In most cases the
part number is identical to the part desciption. Location Location shows
the installation position of the equipment on the bicycle. Next higher
assenmbly Next higher assenmbly identifies the box or panel, in which
the equipment is installed. Position on next higher assenmbly Gives the
position on the next higher assenmbly, in which the equipment is
installed. Maximum number of mounting positions Gives the maximum number
of mounting positions on the next higher assembly. Sibling plug
identification Sibling plug identification contains the electric ident
of the mating connector. Transverse link Transverse link shows external
or internal electrical connections of the equipment. Responsible partner
company The responsible partner company indicates the company
responsible for the integration of the equipment to the bicycle.
Quantity Gives the quantity of multiple occurence equipment.
